Privacy Policy – LMApplications

We are LMApplications. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our primary business is “data processing”.

This means that we process information given to us by other parties. In order to do this, we enter contracts with organisations (such as schools) and it is those organisations (the “Organisation”) that control the personal data and have responsibilities to you as the data controller. We are also under obligations to ensure your data is processed properly. When acting as the data ‘Processor’ we are provided with the following personal data by the ‘Organisation’ we are contracted to; Name Email address Mobile number Address (if present) Childs name It is important you have read and understood the Organisation’s privacy policy and please contact the Organisation for more details about the terms upon which we process data on their behalf.

What is this document? This document is called a ‘Privacy policy’ and this tells you how we use personal data we process. In places this document also clarifies how We treat personal data that we process on behalf of other Organisations. Please read this document carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By downloading and using the app you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 (and any successor or replacement legislation) (the Act), the data processor/controller is LMApplications.

Information we process about you as a Data Processor In order to access our software (the Service), users must confirm the following information to validate their identity (Login Details) and create a CheckMeApp! account:

Email address – Account ID
They must then create a user defined Password in order to access the service. We will also collect and process the following data: • Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site or our app we will automatically collect the following information: • Technical Information. Including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system; • Location information. we may also use GPS technology to determine your current location. Information about your visit.
Information we process about you as a Data Controller • General information you give us. This is information that you give us using our support services. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number and other information. • Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site or our app we will automatically collect the following information: • Technical Information. Including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone, operating system; • Location information. We may also use GPS technology to determine your current location. Information about your visit.

Why do we have your data? We also process a range of personal data as part of the Service. This is processed for the functionality of the Service we are providing, as we are obliged to do so under a contract with an organisation, and we do so with a legitimate business interest. All information given is held on Google servers within the European Union and complies with all the major security standards and is all encrypted with HTTPS whilst in transit. How long do we hold your data for? The information we store from you is held for the following lengths of time: • Account Data – Your data will be held whilst you have a connection to an organisation. Uses made of the information

We use information held about you in the following ways: Information you give to us. We will use this information: • Carry out our contractual obligations to perform the Service and as part of a legitimate business purpose; • Notify you about changes to our service; • Ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or device. Information we collect about your device. We will use this information: • Administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; • Improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; • Allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; • As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure; Information We receive from other sources. • We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information We receive).

Disclosure of your information You agree that We have the right to share your personal information with: • Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. • Selected third parties who strictly require the information to provide the service we offer (but we shall never share any data with any advertisers) including: • Google Firebase (Where data is held) • Telefonica UK Limited (SMS sending service) Where we store your personal data

All data is stored in an encrypted format at rest. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our applications, you are responsible for keeping this password safe and confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Your rights Our service may, from time to time, contain links to websites requested by the organisations we contract with. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. Access to information The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. The data that we collect from you will not be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Changes to our privacy policy Any changes we make to our privacy policy where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
